Yami-Yugi:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
WHO ARE YOU
AND WHAT DO YOU
WANT WITH MY
MILLENNIUM PUZZLE?
I DESIRE THE POWER
YOUR ITEM CONTAINS WITHIN.
AS FOR WHO I AM,
LET'S JUST SAY
THAT I'M THE ONE
WHO SHALL CONTROL
YOUR DESTINY
AS I HAVE
CONTROLLED OTHERS.
I'M PERSONALLY INVITING
SETO KAIBA
TO THIS EVENING'S
PRIVATE EXHIBITION.
CLOSELY EXAMINE
THIS ARTIFACT.
AFTER THIS MOMENT,
YOUR LIFE
WILL NEVER
BE THE SAME.
THAT'S THE PHARAOH?
BUT THAT'S YUGI.
ON THE LEFT
IS THE SORCERER
FIGHTING AGAINST HIM.
THAT'S YOU, KAIBA.
CHECK THIS OUT--
THE ANCIENT EGYPT EXHIBIT.
THIS EXHIBIT'S GOT TO HELP
ANSWER SOME QUESTIONS
ABOUT YOUR PAST.
NO MATTER WHAT'S BEYOND
THOSE DOORS,
I'M READY TO FACE IT.
LET'S GO.
OK.
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Man: THIS IS THE FINEST
EXAMPLE OF A SCARAB
THAT I'VE EVER SEEN.
IT'S UNBELIEVABLE.
Tea, voice-over: THIS MUSEUM'S
GOT TO HAVE SOME CLUES
TO HELP THE SPIRIT
REMEMBER HIS PAST.
YOU'RE SURE YOU
WANT TO GO THROUGH
WITH THIS, RIGHT?
I HAVE NO CHOICE, TEA.
IT'S MY DESTINY. HMM.
YOU OK?
I SENSE
SOMETHING IN HERE.
IN THE BASEMENT?
HMM. OHH.
IS THIS A PART
OF THE EXHIBIT?
OHH.
SOMETHING DOWN THERE
IS CALLING OUT TO ME, TEA.
I FEEL THAT
THE ANSWERS I SEEK
ARE NEAR.
CHECK IT OUT. OHH.
HMM.
IT'S SOME KIND OF
ANCIENT EGYPTIAN STONE.
AND THOSE CARVINGS
RESEMBLE
DUEL MONSTER CARDS.
HMM.
NO WAY!
THAT GUY
LOOKS JUST LIKE YOU.
IS THIS THING
FOR REAL?
IT'S FREAKING ME OUT!
YES, TEA. IT IS REAL.
SOMEHOW I KNOW IT IS.
AND LOOK--
AROUND HIS NECK.
OH, IT'S
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE!
THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT APPEARS TO BE ME
PLAYING AN ANCIENT FORM
OF DUEL MONSTERS.
WHOA.
THIS IS EXACTLY
THE KIND OF CLUE
I'VE BEEN SEARCHING FOR.
BUT I WISH I WERE ABLE
TO DECIPHER ITS MEANING.
WHO AM I DUELING AGAINST
IN THIS CARVING?
WHAT WAS THIS
AGE-OLD GAME ALL ABOUT?
WAS IT EVEN A GAME?
HMM. JUST WHEN I THINK
I'VE FOUND ONE ANSWER,
A THOUSAND
NEW QUESTIONS ARISE.
Woman: YAMI, MY PHARAOH,
I'VE BEEN EXPECTING YOU.
HUH?
OHH.
WHO ARE YOU?
I AM ISHIZU,
AND I HAVE UNCOVERED
MANY MYSTERIES
ABOUT YOU
AND THESE ANCIENT CARVINGS
USING THE MAGIC
OF MY MILLENNIUM NECKLACE.
ANOTHER
MILLENNIUM ITEM.
LIKE YOUR MILLENNIUM PUZZLE,
THIS NECKLACE AFFORDS ME
CERTAIN POWERS.
WITH IT, I HAVE GAZED
5,000 YEARS INTO THE PAST
TO A TIME
WHEN EVIL SORCERERS
THREATENED TO DESTROY
THE ENTIRE WORLD.
[GASPS]
HOWEVER,
THERE WAS ONE KING
WHO POSSESSED A MAGIC
POWERFUL ENOUGH
TO STOP THIS EVIL THREAT.
AND WHO WAS THIS KING?
THE PHARAOH
WHO SAVED THE WORLD
WAS YOU, YAMI.
AND NOW
THE TIME HAS COME
FOR YOU TO RESCUE MANKIND
ONCE AGAIN.
TO RESCUE MANKIND
FROM WHAT?
HOW DO YOU KNOW
THE WORLD IS IN DANGER
OF BEING
DESTROYED AGAIN?
MY MILLENNIUM NECKLACE
ALSO SHOWS ME
VISIONS OF THE FUTURE.
OH, MY PHARAOH.
THE EVENTS OF THE PAST
WILL OCCUR ONCE AGAIN,
AND THAT SAME GREAT EVIL
WILL RETURN TO THREATEN US.
HOW WILL I
RECOGNIZE THIS EVIL?
I KNOW THAT YOUR MEMORY
HAS FADED, MY PHARAOH,
AND THAT YOU SEEK
MANY ANSWERS.
[GASPS]
I ALSO KNOW A DUEL MONSTERS
TOURNAMENT IS BEGINNING.
IF YOU WIN IT, YOU WILL FIND
YOUR ANSWERS.
WHEN YOU RETURN HOME,
YOU'LL DISCOVER
AN INVITATION
WAITING FOR YOU.
FAREWELL, KING YAMI.
Y-YAMI?
SO THAT'S YOUR NAME.
HMM.
WOW, YOU WERE
THIS POWERFUL EGYPTIAN KING
WHO SAVED THE WORLD
5,000 YEARS AGO.
THAT'S PRETTY MAJOR.
YES. BUT I STILL
HAVE SO MANY QUESTIONS.
WAIT! MY OPPONENT
LOOKS LIKE KAIBA.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
BUT WAIT.
THAT WOULD MEAN
THAT HE WAS
THE ANCIENT EVIL SORCERER.
Yugi, voice-over: COULD IT BE
THAT I'M SUPPOSED TO FACE KAIBA
IN ORDER
TO SAVE THE WORLD AGAIN?
WELL, THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO FIND OUT.
I'VE GOT TO WIN THAT TOURNAMENT!
[SIREN]
Man: ALL HANDS STANDBY
FOR THE FINAL TEST
OF THE NEW
DUEL DISC SYSTEM.
HMM.
AS YOU REQUESTED,
MR. KAIBA,
WE'VE REMOVED ALL SAFEGUARDS
FROM THE COMPUTER.
YOU'RE CRAZY IF YOU
GO THROUGH WITH THIS, SETO.
IF THE SAFEGUARDS
ARE TURNED OFF,
THE MONSTERS IN THIS DUEL
COULD REALLY HURT YOU.
ENOUGH WHINING.
LET'S GO.
Kaiba, voice-over: I INVENTED
THIS NEW DUEL DISC SYSTEM,
AND I'LL BE THE ONE TO TEST IT.
I HAVE TO MAKE SURE
THE KAIBACORP SATELLITE
TRACKING SYSTEM
IS WORKING PERFECTLY.
IT TRACES
ALL KAIBACORP DUEL DISCS,
ALLOWING ME TO KEEP AN EYE
ON EVERY DUEL IN THE TOURNAMENT,
AND I CAN'T AFFORD
ANY SCREWUPS.
BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY,
I WANT TO TEST THE POWER
OF MY NEW EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
IF I'M GOING TO USE IT
TO DESTROY YUGI
AND RECLAIM MY RIGHTFUL TITLE
AS NUMBER-ONE DUELIST
IN THE ENTIRE WORLD,
I NEED TO MAKE ABSOLUTELY SURE
IT'S AS POWERFUL
AS ISHIZU CLAIMS.
SHE MAY HAVE BORED ME
WITH HER HOCUS-POCUS NONSENSE
ABOUT THE PAST,
BUT SHE WAS RIGHT
ABOUT ONE THING.
YUGI AND I
WILL FACE EACH OTHER AGAIN,
AND THIS TIME,
WITH A DECK FULL OF RARE CARDS,
I WILL BE VICTORIOUS.
THE DUEL DISC
IS ONLINE.
ENGAGING DUEL ROBOT.
HMM.
Man: WE'VE UPDATED
THE DUEL ROBOT'S HARD DRIVE
WITH YOUR LATEST
TOURNAMENT RULES.
HA.
I'M SETTING
SKILL LEVEL AT MAX.
WE'RE READY TO BEGIN
ON YOUR COMMAND.
SETO, ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT
TO GO THROUGH WITH THIS?
Man: KEEP THE MEDICS
ON STANDBY.
PROBABILITY
OF INJURY--90%.
AHH.
LISTEN!
WHY DON'T YOU KEEP
YOUR CALCULATIONS
TO YOURSELF?!
I'M JUST DOING MY JOB.
SINCE THE ROBOT IS ARMED
WITH THE EXACT SAME DECK
MR. KAIBA USED
AT DUELIST KINGDOM,
RISK OF INJURY IS HIGH.
AHH, YOU PUT ALL 3
BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGONS
IN THE DUEL ROBOT'S
DECK?
YES. THOSE WERE
MR. KAIBA'S DIRECT ORDERS.
Mokuba, voice-over:
SETO'S IN MAJOR TROUBLE
IF HE GETS ATTACKED
BY A BLUE-EYES.
I HOPE HE KNOWS
WHAT HE'S DOING.
[WHIRRS]
HMM.
Ishizu: BEWARE, KAIBA.
OBELISK MAY BE TOO POWERFUL
FOR YOU TO CONTROL.
Kaiba, voice-over:
POWERFUL, HUH?
WELL, THERE'S NO WAY I'LL KNOW
HOW STRONG
AN EGYPTIAN GOD CARD IS
UNTIL I SEE IT
WITH MY OWN TWO EYES.
AND THE BEST TEST
OF OBELISK THE TORMENTOR'S
STRENGTH
IS AGAINST THE MIGHT OF NOT ONE,
BUT 3
OF THE MOST POWERFUL DRAGONS
IN ALL OF DUEL MONSTERS.
Kaiba, aloud:
3 ON ONE MAY SEEM UNFAIR,
BUT IF EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS ARE
AS POWERFUL AS ISHIZU CLAIMS,
OBELISK SHOULD DESTROY THEM.
HMM. LET'S GO.
SWITCHING ON
THE MAIN COMPUTER'S
AUTO-DUEL SYSTEM.
CHECK.
DUEL ROBOT
STANDING BY.
ENGAGE.
GOOD LUCK.
LAUNCHING
HOLOGRAM PROJECTORS.
Kaiba: WITH MY NEW
PORTABLE PROJECTORS,
THERE'S NO NEED
FOR OVERSIZED DUELING ARENAS.
IT'S TIME TO DUEL.
Duel robot: DRAW CARD.
ACCESSING DUEL DATABASE
FOR OPTIMAL BATTLE.
SET MONSTER CARD
IN DEFENSE MODE.
I'LL PLAY THIS CARD FACEDOWN.
HMM. NEXT, I SUMMON
THE MIGHTY BATTLE OX.
DESTROY HIS MONSTER,
AXE SLAM ATTACK!
OH, NO! CYBER JAR!
MONSTER: CYBER JAR.
SPECIAL EFFECT ONE--
DESTROY ALL MONSTERS
ON FIELD.
CYBER JAR
SPECIAL EFFECT 2--
EACH PLAYER SUMMONS
UP TO 5 MONSTERS ONTO FIELD.
UHH.
SET 2 MONSTERS
ONTO FIELD.
I PLACE 4 MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD!
WHAT A DIGITAL DUMMY.
THE ROBOT GAVE SETO
A HUGE LEAD.
ANALYZING
NEW TOURNAMENT RULES.
MUST SACRIFICE 2 MONSTERS
TO SUMMON
BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON.
WHAT?!
[ROARS]
NOW I'M IN TROUBLE.
Mokuba: TURN OFF
THE MACHINE BEFORE
HE GETS HURT!
[ROARS]
THE DUEL ROBOT ALREADY MASTERED
MY NEW SACRIFICE RULE
TO SUMMON
THE BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON.
IF IT ATTACKS NOW,
IT'S ALL OVER!
OPPONENT
HAS CARD FACEDOWN.
END TURN.
Kaiba, voice-over:
THE DUEL ROBOT DIDN'T ATTACK
BECAUSE IT THINKS
MY FACEDOWN CARD IS A TRAP
INTENDED TO DESTROY
THE BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON.
A BIG MISTAKE.
I SACRIFICE A MONSTER
TO SUMMON DRAGON SEEKER!
IN DEFENSE MODE.
[GROWLS]
Kaiba, voice-over:
DRAGON SEEKER'S SPECIAL EFFECT
ALLOWS IT TO DESTROY
ONE DRAGON INSTANTLY
WHEN IT SWITCHES
FROM DEFENSE TO ATTACK MODE.
ON MY NEXT TURN,
THAT BLUE-EYES IS HISTORY.
ANALYZING DRAGON SEEKER.
PROCESSING
COUNTERMEASURES.
SET ONE CARD FACEDOWN
ON FIELD.
SUMMON LORD OF DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE.
WHAT?!
LORD OF DRAGON
SPECIAL EFFECT--
PROTECTS DRAGONS
FROM ALL MAGIC, TRAP,
AND MONSTER CARDS.
DRAGON SEEKER'S EFFECT
NEGATED.
HMM. IF I CAN'T DESTROY
THE BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGON,
AT LEAST I CAN PROTECT MYSELF.
I SWITCH ALL MY MONSTERS
TO DEFENSE MODE.
YOU CAN'T LOSE, SETO.
DO SOMETHING!
UHH.
PROCESSING
BATTLE STRATEGY.
PLAYING MAGIC CARD
"FLUTE OF SUMMONING DRAGON."
UHH!
[GROWLS]
[BLOWS HORN]
MAGIC EFFECT--
SUMMONS 2 DRAGONS
FROM HAND ONTO FIELD.
SELECTING DRAGONS.
PROCESSING.
SUMMON 2
BLUE-EYES WHITE DRAGONS.
THERE'S NO WAY!
SETO!
Kaiba, voice-over:
3 BLUE-EYES.
PLAYING MAGIC CARD
"POLYMERIZATION."
FUSE 3 BLUE-EYES
INTO BLUE-EYES
ULTIMATE DRAGON.
NO! UHH!
ANALYZING
TOURNAMENT RULEBOOK.
FUSION MONSTER
CANNOT ATTACK
ON SAME TURN
IT WAS CREATED.
MUST END TURN.
[ROARS]
HMM. HMM. JUST GREAT.
UHH! SETO!
KAIBA'S DOOMED.
NONE OF HIS MONSTERS
COME REMOTELY CLOSE
TO THE DRAGON'S
ATTACK STRENGTH.
THE DAMAGE FROM
ULTIMATE DRAGON'S ATTACK
WILL BE
CATASTROPHIC.
WHAT?!
WITH THE SAFETIES
DISABLED,
ITS NEUTRON BLAST
WILL DISINTEGRATE
MR. KAIBA INTO DUST!
GET OUT OF THERE, SETO!
SHUT DOWN THE DUEL!
Mokuba: SETO!
Kaiba, voice-over: SO THIS
IS WHAT IT'S LIKE TO FACE FEAR.
THIS MUST BE HOW YUGI FELT
WHEN HE STARED
INTO THE EYES
OF MY BLUE-EYES ULTIMATE DRAGON
AT DUELIST KINGDOM.
HE CAME CLOSE TO BRINGING
MY POWERFUL BEAST
TO ITS DOOM,
BUT IN THE END, EVEN YUGI
COULDN'T DEFEAT
THE BLUE-EYES ULTIMATE DRAGON.
SO IF I'M TO RECLAIM MY TITLE
AS THE GREATEST DUELIST
IN HISTORY,
I MUST BEAT THE MONSTER
THAT EVEN YUGI COULDN'T DEFEAT.
PREPARE TO FACE THE END.
IT'S TIME FOR MY FINAL TEST.
NOW I'LL SEE WHAT
AN EGYPTIAN GOD CARD CAN DO.
UHH!
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR,
I SUMMON YOU BY SACRIFICING
3 OF MY MONSTERS.
[GROWLING]
[GROWLS]
UHH HA!
NO WAY!
THAT EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
IS HUMONGOUS!
Kaiba: OBELISK THE TORMENTOR,
LET'S SEE HOW POWERFUL
YOU REALLY ARE.
NOW I OFFER YOU
MY 2 REMAINING MONSTERS.
ABSORB THEIR POWER
TO INCREASE YOUR OWN.
Man: I'VE NEVER SEEN
ANYTHING LIKE THIS!
OBELISK'S
ATTACK POINTS ARE
CLIMBING OFF THE CHARTS!
UHH!
OBELISK, ATTACK NOW.
SHOW BLUE-EYES ULTIMATE DRAGON
WHY YOU'RE KNOWN
AS THE TORMENTOR.
OBELISK, FIST OF FATE!
SYSTEM ERROR.
POWER OVERLOAD.
DANGER. DANGER.
AAH! THE COMPUTER'S
EXPLODING!
OHH!
UHH!
SHUT DOWN THE POWER SOURCE
RIGHT AWAY!
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR--
HE DEFEATED ULTIMATE DRAGON
WITH A SINGLE PUNCH.
INCREDIBLE.
IF THIS IS THE POWER
OF ONE CARD,
WITH ALL 3 EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS,
I WILL BE UNSTOPPABLE.
I WILL DEFEAT YUGI
AND RECLAIM MY TITLE
AS THE NUMBER-ONE DUELIST.
[CACKLING]
Tea: THE INVITATION
SAID THE TOURNAMENT
WOULD BE ANNOUNCED
TONIGHT.
ISHIZU WAS RIGHT.
I DON'T KNOW
IF EVERYTHING
SHE SAID IS TRUE,
BUT I DO KNOW THIS.
I MUST ENTER AND WIN
THIS TOURNAMENT
IN ORDER TO FULFILL
MY DESTINY.
HMM.
JUST PROMISE ME
YOU'LL BE CAREFUL, YAMI,
'CAUSE I'M SURE
THERE'S STILL DANGER AHEAD.
YES. WHOEVER IS AFTER
THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
IS STILL OUT THERE.
BUT YOU MUST
TRUST ME, TEA.
THIS DECK HAS NEVER
LET ME DOWN BEFORE.
AS LONG AS YUGI AND I
STAY CONNECTED
TO ONE ANOTHER,
I'M CONFIDENT
WE CAN USE THIS DECK
TO WIN
THIS TOURNAMENT,
UNLOCK THE MYSTERIES
OF MY ANCIENT PAST,
AND REALIZE
OUR DESTINY.
AHH.
HMM. AND YOU CAN COUNT
ON MY HELP.
[MAN CACKLING]
Man: I HEAR THEY
PUT TOGETHER THE BEST
OF THE BEST
FOR THIS ONE.
YEAH. IT'S GOING
TO BE GREAT.
HEY! WHAT'S THE MATTER?
IS EVERYTHING OK?
MMM. YES, TEA.
IT WAS NOTHING.
Woman: HEY, YUGI!
THERE YOU ARE!
IT'S MAI VALENTINE.
OH, JOY.
I KNOW YOU GUYS MISSED ME.
IT'S SUCH A SHAME
WE DON'T HANG OUT
MORE OFTEN.
YES, IT IS,
ISN'T IT?
YOU'RE LOOKING
SNAZZY, TEA.
IS THIS A DATE?
WE'RE JUST FRIENDS, MAI.
UH-HUH.
I ASSUME YOU'VE COME HERE
FOR THE TOURNAMENT.
BUT OF COURSE.
I PRESUME YOU GOT
AN INVITATION ALSO.
YES, I DID, BUT IT DIDN'T
SAY WHO IT WAS FROM.
DO YOU KNOW WHO'S HOSTING
THIS TOURNAMENT?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
IT'S A MYSTERY.
NOBODY SEEMS TO KNOW.
EVERYONE I SPOKE TO
GOT AN ANONYMOUS
INVITATION.
BUT THERE IS A BUZZ
GOING AROUND
THAT IT'S SOMEONE
WITH A TON OF CASH
AND AN OBNOXIOUS
ATTITUDE.
I'D GUESS KAIBA.
UHH! THAT MUST BE WHY
ISHIZU TOLD ME TO ENTER.
IF THE EVENTS OF THE PAST
ARE TO HAPPEN AGAIN,
I MUST FACE KAIBA
IN THIS TOURNAMENT.
HMM...
WHAT ARE YOU
MUMBLING ABOUT?
ANYWAY, NOBODY
KNOWS FOR SURE
WHO IT IS THAT'S
THROWING THIS THING.
I SUPPOSE
WE'LL FIND OUT SOON.
IT'S PRETTY SAFE
TO SAY
IT'S NOT PEGASUS AGAIN.
SPEAKING OF PEGASUS,
THIS IS BEGINNING TO LOOK
LIKE DUELIST KINGDOM
ALL OVER AGAIN.
YOU CAN
SAY THAT AGAIN.
THERE CERTAINLY
ARE A LOT
OF FAMILIAR FACES
IN THIS CROWD.
MMM.
MOST OF WHOM I'M NOT
TOO HAPPY TO SEE.
AHH! UHH!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THAT'S WEEVIL UNDERWOOD
AND REX RAPTOR.
AND OVER THERE'S
ESPA ROBA.
THEY SAY HE
USES PSYCHIC POWERS
TO DUEL.
AND MAKO'S HERE,
TOO!
IF WHAT MAI SAID EARLIER
IS CORRECT,
THEN THIS TOURNAMENT
IS GOING TO HAVE
ONE NEW WRINKLE.
AND THERE HE IS NOW.
KAIBA!
Kaiba: GREETING, DUELISTS.
WELCOME TO THE TOWN OF DOMINO.
BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY,
WELCOME TO MY TOURNAMENT.
I DON'T KNOW
WHICH IS BIGGER--
HIS EGO OR HIS MELON
ON THE BIG SCREEN.
LET'S HEAR WHAT KAIBA
HAS TO SAY.
I SEE YOU EACH RECEIVED
YOUR PRIVATE INVITE
TO KAIBACORP'S VERY EXCLUSIVE
DUEL MONSTERS TOURNAMENT,
AND YOU HAD ENOUGH BRAINS
TO SHOW UP HERE TONIGHT.
[YELLING]
BEING THAT YOU ARE ALL
ELITE DUELISTS,
I'VE ADDED SPECIAL RULES
TO MY TOURNAMENT,
JUST FOR EXPERTS.
FOR EXAMPLE, YOU WILL DUEL
USING THESE NEW IMPROVED
DUEL DISCS.
CHECK THAT OUT!
Man: KAIBACORP'S GOT
THE COOLEST PRODUCTS!
ANOTHER NEW RULE THAT I DESIGNED
FOR THE TOURNAMENT
IS THAT BEFORE EACH DUEL,
BOTH PLAYERS MUST ANTE UP
THEIR RAREST CARD,
AND THE LOSER OF THE DUEL
FORFEITS HIS CARD
TO THE WINNER.
FORFEIT
MY DARK MAGICIAN?!
THAT MEANS LOSING
EVEN ONE DUEL
CAN RUIN MY DECK.
MY COMPETITION WILL MAKE PEGASUS
AND HIS DUELIST
KINGDOM TOURNAMENT
LOOK LIKE A JOKE.
Man: AWESOME! YEAH!
[HELICOPTER APPROACHING]
HUH?
MMM.
HMPH! KAIBA!
Kaiba, voice-over:
HMM. I KNEW YOU'D COME, YUGI.
WE'LL SEE WHICH ONE OF US
IS THE NUMBER-ONE DUELIST.
HMM.
DON'T FORGET TO REGISTER
AND PICK UP YOUR DUEL DISC
BECAUSE EXACTLY ONE WEEK
FROM TODAY,
MY BATTLE CITY TOURNAMENT
BEGINS!
YOU'RE ON, KAIBA!
HMM.
Marik: BATTLE CITY, EH?
THAT IS CORRECT, MASTER.
THE WORLD'S
MOST ELITE DUELISTS
HAVE ASSEMBLED
FOR THIS TOURNAMENT.
[CACKLES]
HOW VERY CONVENIENT FOR US
THAT SO MANY OF OUR TARGETS
HAVE GATHERED TOGETHER
IN ONE PLACE.
NOW, MY RARE HUNTERS,
GO TO THE TOWN OF DOMINO
AT ONCE!
All: YES, SIR.
IT'S TIME TO BEGIN THE HUNT!